hey what is up guys it is Madison or x7
Maddie here and today I'm going to be
doing my Q&A number 5 and today my claim
gameplay is going to be a sniping
gameplay I just started to learn how to
snipe I'm not that good yet but to me
this is freaking amazing and to you it's
probably crap so bear with me here
question 1 from some Sergio Perez and he
says Maddie you seem like a happy gamer
do you ever race you add thanks carry
your parents um black ops I do a rage a
lot quite a lot because um I really get
mad when I'm a game with try hearts try
hard to make me very angry I'm trying to
snipe here and there for him putting
bouncing Betties with a shock charge is
like kid what are you what are you doing
that makes me mad and also with white
noise I scare a living crap out of my
parents because I get scared over
anything I cannot go to a movie theater
anymore to watch a scary movie because
people yell at me and they get mad at me
I once you go watch paranormal activity
4 and I got so many dirty looks because
I was peeing my pants in the movie
theater okay my mom has to come and calm
me down and ask hey Maddi wanted to you
are you okay I guess well my dad realty
she's the best mom ever question 2 comes
from Justin core and she says what type
of music do you like to listen to well
I'm well I just love music music is
music I like EDM dubstep house music
mainstream music that's on the radio
TobyMac pretty much anything question 3
comes from Vincent Johnson he says do
you think you will ever do vids with MK
takedown I think that you'll be fun it
will be funny and interesting hope to
see you and him doing some vids together
he was actually in my grand theft auto
GTA 4 funny moments video but I really
do hope to do another video with him
he's really awesome and very funny
question for comes from Berta via Mendez
and they say which do you prefer Val
field three
or black ops 2 i've never played any
battlefields in my life so I'm going to
have to say black ops 2 and question 5
comes from an innocent seal that name
though and they ask how does it feel to
have fifteen thousand subscribers well
I'm very shocked that I even have that
many the majority is from kyr speedy and
very grateful but I don't want my new
subs to become inactive my content is
different from KY our species I'm just
an average girl showing other girls how
fun gaming is and sharing with you my
love for cooking as well there will be
times where I want to share with you my
personal views on certain subjects
question 7 comes from Real Talk mo Jess
and they say how old were you when you
decided you want to make youtube videos
and you have any tips for youtubers
trying to get off the ground well a
couple years ago the cinnamon challenge
was trending so I posted on Facebook if
I get 100 likes I will do the cinnamon
challenge and sure enough I did then I
posted videos playing the piano of my
dog and my little cousins my tip is to
be yourself be unique and put passion
and love into your videos but if you can
get featured with the big youtuber that
also helps a lot so question 8 comes
from ondrea's fontegne probably
pronouncing that wrong he said what do
girls like about a guy well I don't know
what other girls like but I like a guy
who doesn't feel the need to impress me
with BS I like a guy who is honest and
can still be confident just being
himself guys I shall love and respect to
their moms are sweet and amazing in my
eyes plus you're 9 comes from Dominic
can even what I wrote here tommasi
probably pronouncing that wrong he said
do you ever have open lobbies to play
with your fans I do have open lobbies
and when I'm not busy i also go on to
see my messages whoever sent me messages
or a game invite else these are still
online and then I'll write them to play
with me for a bit and I did that last
night and a couple days ago we had a lot
of fun I love talking to my fans
question 10 comes from tama for hawk 100
and he said how long did it take you to
figure out you were in Speedy's video
and what was your reaction Oh
was your reaction as big as when you
actually figure it out it was him well I
was actually getting ready to go in my
baseball game and then I got a message
on kik and it's from Albert saying
Mattie urine kyr smoothies video and I
was freaking out i did not expect that
whatsoever um I started screaming I ran
over my mom I was like moments previous
video what I was jumping up and down and
it was really a great day my reaction
was probably bigger than in the video
his second question is also how often do
you actually run into people online who
treat you inappropriately due to being a
girl well unfortunately it is very the
community is very sexist and guys find
it funny to disrespect girls I just mute
those kind of guys because even we got
time for that I do however find like
really awesome girls and guys I'll play
with them and you have an amazing time
before and this Q&A I want to know what
kind of videos you like most on my
channel so i can upload more of them do
you like my vlogs my Q&A is my gameplays
what do you like the most or cooking so
i hope you have a great day thank you
for watching god bless and as always
kisses to my bitches
you